1. **Getting Started with TypeScript** - [badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/achievements/share/en-us/BaltikaCat-6963/QDR2UDXE?sharingId=172C5F42AC6EDE58)  
In this module, I learned how to install, configure Typescript and compile it into Javascript. This will help me expand the possibilities of working with Javascript.
2. **Declare Variable Types in TypeScript** - [badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/achievements/share/en-us/BaltikaCat-6963/PTZBT894?sharingId=172C5F42AC6EDE58)  
In this module, I learned about Typescript variable types. For example, any, unknown (and the positive and negative sides of their use), enum, I also learned about static types. It helps to avoid errors that occur during the operation of the program due to incorrect variable types.
3. **Implement Interfaces in TypeScript** - [badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/achievements/share/en-us/BaltikaCat-6963/ZPFMJ382?sharingId=172C5F42AC6EDE58)  
In this module, I learned about the implementation of interfaces in Typescript. They help to structure the code. I also learned about type aliases. They allow you to increase the readability of the code.
4. **Develop Typed Functions in TypeScript** - [badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/achievements/share/en-us/BaltikaCat-6963/N79YB3UF?sharingId=172C5F42AC6EDE58)  
In this module, I learned the differences in writing functions in Javascript and Typescript, learned how to make function parameters optional or how to assign them a default value. This knowledge can be very useful. For example, a small function that raises a number to a power. A number is passed as the first argument, and the default value is 2 as the second. Depending on the arguments passed, the result may not be the square of a number, but a cube. Or even something more.
5. **Declare and Instantiate Classes in TypeScript** - [badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/achievements/share/en-us/BaltikaCat-6963/N79YLLKF?sharingId=172C5F42AC6EDE58)  
After studying this module, I had a wonderful feeling - as if I was learning OOP again using the example of Java. Classes, interfaces, access modifiers, even detailed machine examples.
This is a very important and useful module. The information it provides has a wide range of uses. For example, structuring code using interfaces, hiding variables using modifiers, which will help avoid errors when using the application by the end user, accessors that limit property changes - all this allows you to fully use the principles of OOP.
6. **Generics in TypeScript** - [badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/achievements/share/en-us/BaltikaCat-6963/9NSFAY3U?sharingId=172C5F42AC6EDE58)  
In this module, I learned what generics are and learned how to use them correctly. Generics are very important because they give the code flexibility, like the any type, but they allow you to avoid errors in the code that the any type leads to. Generics also allow you to write code that can be used repeatedly.
7. **Work with External Libraries in TypeScript** - [badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/achievements/share/en-us/BaltikaCat-6963/X23B9P6Y?sharingId=172C5F42AC6EDE58)  
This section describes how to work with Typescript modules. In particular, exporting from one module and importing into another.
This knowledge is very useful in any program, because it allows you to organize the code, helps make the code more readable and concise. It also becomes possible to download third-party libraries, which greatly expands the possibilities.
8. **Organize Code with Namespaces in TypeScript** - [badge](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/achievements/share/en-us/BaltikaCat-6963/UF5VCE83?sharingId=172C5F42AC6EDE58)  
This module describes namespaces. In fact, their use is somewhat similar to the use of modules. They allow you to reduce the amount of code in the global scope, thereby reducing the "global scope pollution". They also provide context for names, reducing naming conflicts, and improve code reuse capabilities. But despite their ease of use, using modules is preferable with ES6.
